docs: update `$effect` examples (#15463)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/02-runes/04-$effect.md

An effect only depends on the values that it read the last time it ran. This has interesting implications for effects that have conditional code.

> For instance, if `a` is `true` in the code snippet below, the code inside the `if` block will run and `b` will be evaluated. As such, changes to either `a` or `b` [will cause the effect to re-run](/playground/untitled#H4sIAAAAAAAAA31SXWvbQBD8K5slIBmErbiUgqoThPyD0Dzl-nAnreyjykro1q6D0H8Pp6taY9o-zuzM7cfchGzeCAt8YXHSUYMZtq4jj8XrhPI-hFogMFuVj8Ow9WfqJHDWePobX_csxOKxwNLXoxuk0qylIwEDCu69GKFUxhNtvq4F-69CbfhsfICspe7ZC5yGxgg9LQVQkApdZAOqgiloVtUyxUVA_XpieyB5ilya7JsktljUgdvWHZnxmWpJ8wzybHX9dI0cf6MjucNRbq1tz6FP8mk_XMDT6NrkVuG67lvoHFAGD3kGn_P4zBylrOWe2jb0T6-XuV42TcYTs-PDOvyicC2kZrPqbx22SDKw68Tz0jGgcvcnGi4bdwYv7x0pjW9mPDguYJ8PF8g1LuGV9iTSM_Rcd67-oaY4ZMjzzsyVAedhMnO5i7r_eULUd3au7OKx155y17hzFVcr48nBOm4KOTqvpsjMsGSiNH7Jc40QM1Ea9wFW5S7KKs2YYbg3FuFLzd_nD1eS-7_xAgAA).

Reviewer: This example is very confusing to me. The canvas in the [example](https://svelte.dev/playground/untitled?version=5.25.9#H4sIAAAAAAAAE31SYUvDMBD9K2cYtIOx1YkItS3I_oHoJ-eHpL1uwSwrzW1OSv-7l8bqGCo0lPfu3d27XDph5Q5FKp4taTJYiZmotUEn0pdO0EfjY55g_kv50DRzd0RDnlPS4W98ubeElriMyFzZ6oaKtV1zAwIJOUwcScKY2gNO78eA-itQSnuUzkMmuLIjODQV61ZDgNNiwhNNIS-g85pRNbg4EQtCifkGaRW4OFpWUWgxqD03Lw3K9hFLipMZ8PeV9a4r2n6jLerNli5Ta_5zn-hm2ZzAYavr6FKhjXnynT2awTXXv01CmT5I-Uywrn3_-HyY82HjqD1Yq-1mND8odA2xnI76ywyVRjNQo-N-6OhRtvhZjc0qfQRHHwbztdjJdqNtCsuEp0nWYlhepg5Eewt7WxpdvuVdMOn3eSX7QoJ20Mk-WwTdfzl-1VeqL9SQo85zsgUbKcJoWbhyUNpWKW21y7vA9DDshJ3eJWwPwk4YLj0sskWQcRl-i_6-ReqfVP_KSGrzzvVEWkvjsP8EM1uR2AIDAAA=) always shows either `running` or `b:` (the second argument is unused), which doesn't help you understand that `running` doesn't happen _again_ when `b` changes while `a` is false. However imperfect the `console.log` example might be, it succeeds at that goal.

Will work on a replacement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if `condition` is `true` in the code snippet below, the code inside the `if` block will run and `color` will be evaluated. As such, changes to either `condition` or `color` [will cause the effect to re-run](/playground/untitled#H4sIAAAAAAAAE21RQW6DMBD8ytaNBJHaJJdeHECq-oyQgwPryqoxFl5oIsTfa5sQeggSAs_Ojmd2R2ZEg4yzr9bUilRrHCgDKCVW5Ngbk0qjY_w0MrrZQAyAx-9tn9bu3ICaAnYRDp_hVWsIjZfjLHNVpywVpSlJNbbtCHxVIpEC2bUNJJUwg3DvC5ocAzW8GiN3dgk5bBwJwpS6HrfHlaDbbi0mr1Ie_JNEhuds5mRpuoW8gDFqk5KQPpS3C1rS4iEdZ13H4RR_zjDNV5Y0AWqHT3oehPCJ9Gy_hjdZrYY4hezSE_lAram0qn7ycbb2P-nL4zAVs-haVQ7GtRwF97NisQwuU8b2BGF_ecligJLBRZmaD0L3mI8Rm2BfBJN3YyZzdNMYVTy0JKyVs1rcOEiN13vEb2E5HHYfHTYRmWLW2O23T3glxsOaprM_CaV__dWMS-EHN_0BitaP1YECAAA=).
```
